[Unified Recorder] Updates the dev-tool commands to follow the new syntax (#19419)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: common/tools/dev-tool/README.md

  - `prep` (prepare samples for local source-linked execution)
  - `run` (execute a sample or all samples within a directory)
  - `check-node-versions` (execute samples with different node versions, typically in preparation for release)
- `test-proxy`

>   - `start` (starts the test-proxy tool(expects that docker is available in your environment))

Reviewer: nit: no `-s` to be consistent with existing commands' descriptions
```suggestion
  - `start` (start the test-proxy tool. This requires docker.)
```

>   - `wait-for-proxy-endpoint` (waits until the proxy endpoint is active or aborts in 120 seconds, whichever happens first)

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
  - `wait-for-proxy-endpoint` (waits until the proxy endpoint is ready or aborts in 120 seconds, whichever happens first)
```

  - `prep` (prepare samples for local source-linked execution)
  - `run` (execute a sample or all samples within a directory)
  - `check-node-versions` (execute samples with different node versions, typically in preparation for release)
- `test-proxy`
  - `start` (start the test-proxy tool. This requires docker.)
  - `wait-for-proxy-endpoint` (waits until the proxy endpoint is ready or aborts in 120 seconds, whichever happens first)
- `run`

  - `test:node-ts-input` (runs the node tests with TS input files with the default mocha configs, and concurrently runs the proxy tool in record/playback modes if it is not already active)

    - Mocha settings added by default

      > `-r esm -r ts-node/register --reporter ../../../common/tools/mocha-multi-reporter.js --full-trace`

    - Example usage

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
